#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Meeting times: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Meetings with Client: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Our first meeting with our client took place on the 25 May 2017 starting
 at 3:34pm and continued for 34 minutes.
 Idrian established communication methods and acquired the initial requirements
 elicitation.
 This information was shared amongst the group and discussion took place
 on the topic of the requirements elicitation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Our next meeting with the client took place on the 1 June 2017.
 In this meeting, our group discussed potential approaches and ideas with
 our client.
 We further discussed the purpose of the library.
 Our client discussed the coordinate system which would be used to create
 the library.
 As an added feature, an array of images was discussed and agreed upon as
 being a possible feature.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
On the 3 July 2017, we again had a meeting with our client with the purpose
 of updating him and showing which features had been completed as well as
 those currently in progress.
 Our client was pleased with the progress that had been made.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
The next meeting took place on the 20 July 2017 at 3:27pm and continued
 through 4:30pm.
 The SRS document was discussed and reviewed to ensure that it was up to
 date.
 /our client recommended using an intermediate converter for use in demos
 to demonstrate what the system could currently do.
 This converter was used to display the array of images onto the screen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Team Meetings:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
The 22 May 2017 saw our first meeting as an established team.
 In this meeting, we shared our ideas of what we expected from the project
 as well as drawing up an initial SRS document for our client to read.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Our next was on the 25May where we discussed the upcoming client meeting
 as well as finalizing the SRS document.
 We then left for client meeting.
 After the meeting with our client on the 25 May we met again on the 29
 May to discuss the feedback we had received.
 We updated our SRS to reflect the feedback.
 We then planned for our meeting on the 1 June 2017.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Our discussion of which technologies to use and how-to setup our system
 took place on the 14 June 2017.
 We spent about a half hour before agreeing on the technology choices.
 In this meeting, we also split up work into smaller team of two.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
By the 27 June we had created the VoxJSCanvas class as well as the web interface
â€™s initial format.
 We discussed the use of webpack and agreed on using it in our project.
 Lastly, we discussed the general format of the classes that would be implemente
d in our project.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
On the 5 July, we discussed two approaches for the first converter however
 we later found an alternative approach that was decided on.
 We continued our discussion on webpack as well as using typescript and
 three-js.
 For our automated testing, we decided to incorporate travis as a testing
 module.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
On the 22 and 25 July, we discussed the testing procedures and started the
 writing of the tests.
 This took some time as severely errors were encountered but were dealt
 with by the 25 July.
 The 26 and 27 July were used to review and update the SRS document as well
 as to prepare for our second demo on the 28 July.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
On the 17 August we met again to discuss futher plans after the first 
converter had been completed. The main topics of the discussion were 
about the Rules file and how to ease the user's interaction with it. 
Next using browserfy to allow for global variables was agreed upon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
On Friday the 18 August, we met with our instructors to discuss the
outcomes of the Belbin testing we had taken. Being able to see the strengths 
of the team easy documented was of great aid to our team.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
